LetsDoThis/README.md, before:

# Let's Do This

A DoSomething.org native app.

## User Registration

Following fields are required:
* First Name
* Last Name
* Email
* Password
    * Must be at least 6 characters
* Birthdate
    * Should display Date Picker, defaulting to today's date 20 years ago

Not required:
* Mobile number

## Campaigns

Campaigns to be included in the app are found by querying the Campaigns endpoint where `mobile_app=true`.

### Main Feed

Campaigns displayed in the Main Feed should be sorted alphabetically.

### Reportbacks

Reportback Items which have been `promoted` should be displayed first, then `approved`.

Tapping on a Reportback Item should display the Reportback Detail view of the selected item.

## User Profile (Hub)

On all screens, if a user avatar/name is tapped, the user's profile is displayed.

### Reportbacks

All of a User's non-`flagged` Reportback Items of current Campaigns are displayed.

## Reportback Detail

Displays:
* Reportback Item image (does not link out)
* User avatar (links to User Profile)
* Campaign Title (links to Campaign Detail)
* Kudos Drawer


### Kudos Drawer

Displays number of Kudos by Kudos Type for a Reportback Item, in descending order of Kudos count.

*e.g. 7 Hearts, 5 Hot Dogs, 3 Stars, 2 Bowling Pins, 0 Rabbits*

If no Kudos exist for a Reportback Item, the Kudos Types are displayed in random order.

Tapping on a Kudos Type will allow the User to submit a Kudos of that Kudos Type.

For v1:
* A user may only submit one Kudos Type
* A user is not able to delete a Kudos Type

# Offline Mode
If the device loses connection, the user is unable to perform any tasks, and a "Fail Whale" screen is displayed.

## Restoring Connection / After Force Quit
Upon restoring connection or upon opening the app after forcing Quit, the User is directed to the Main Feed if a signed in session has been saved.

If a signed in session has not been saved, the user is directed to the User Connect screen (https://github.com/DoSomething/product/blob/master/LetsDoThis/Screens/Onboarding/Log%20In*.png)

Commit message:

Let's Do This: details on Facebook Connect

LetsDoThis/README.md, after:

# Let's Do This

A DoSomething.org native app.

## User Registration

Following fields are required:
* First Name
* Last Name
* Email
* Password
    * Must be at least 6 characters
* Birthdate
    * Should display Date Picker, defaulting to today's date 20 years ago

Not required:
* Mobile number

### Facebook Connect

Facebook Connect will only be provided to _help_ with user registration. The information received from connecting with Facebook will fill in the corresponding fields on the registration form. At this point, the user will still have to fill in any remaining required info and submit the user registration.

Facebook Connect is _not_ being used to log users into the app.

Approved permissions:
- `email`: access to person's primary email address
- `public_profile`: access to basic information including first name, last name, profile picture, gender, and age range
- `user_friends`: access to person's list of friends that also use the app


## Campaigns

Campaigns to be included in the app are found by querying the Campaigns endpoint where `mobile_app=true`.

### Main Feed

Campaigns displayed in the Main Feed should be sorted alphabetically.

### Reportbacks

Reportback Items which have been `promoted` should be displayed first, then `approved`.

Tapping on a Reportback Item should display the Reportback Detail view of the selected item.

## User Profile (Hub)

On all screens, if a user avatar/name is tapped, the user's profile is displayed.

### Reportbacks

All of a User's non-`flagged` Reportback Items of current Campaigns are displayed.

## Reportback Detail

Displays:
* Reportback Item image (does not link out)
* User avatar (links to User Profile)
* Campaign Title (links to Campaign Detail)
* Kudos Drawer


### Kudos Drawer

Displays number of Kudos by Kudos Type for a Reportback Item, in descending order of Kudos count.

*e.g. 7 Hearts, 5 Hot Dogs, 3 Stars, 2 Bowling Pins, 0 Rabbits*

If no Kudos exist for a Reportback Item, the Kudos Types are displayed in random order.

Tapping on a Kudos Type will allow the User to submit a Kudos of that Kudos Type.

For v1:
* A user may only submit one Kudos Type
* A user is not able to delete a Kudos Type

# Offline Mode
If the device loses connection, the user is unable to perform any tasks, and a "Fail Whale" screen is displayed.

## Restoring Connection / After Force Quit
Upon restoring connection or upon opening the app after forcing Quit, the User is directed to the Main Feed if a signed in session has been saved.

If a signed in session has not been saved, the user is directed to the User Connect screen (https://github.com/DoSomething/product/blob/master/LetsDoThis/Screens/Onboarding/Log%20In*.png)
